feat: family descriptions (#114)
scientific-python/repo-review: docs/families.md

    }
```

```{versionchanged} 0.9

> You can use requerst fixtures for this function, like all the other functions.

Author: ```suggestion
You can request fixtures for this function, like all the other collection functions.
```
